Update permissions-consent-overview.md (#377)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity-platform/permissions-consent-overview.md

Authentication requests are prompted for admin consent if consent wasn't granted and if one of those high-privilege permissions is requested.

> Custom application scopes are not considered high-privilege for administrator consent authentication request purposes.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure I understand what you mean by custom application scopes. Do you mean scopes that aren't part of Microsoft Graph scopes?

> Custom application scopes are not considered high-privilege for administrator consent authentication request purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permission requests that contain custom application scopes aren't considered high-privilege and thus they don't require admin consent.
```

Reviewer: It this statement still inline with the intended meaning? Or can you adjust it to make it even clearer?
